{\rtf1\adeflang1115\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff41\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057\themelang2057\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial Unicode MS{\*\falt Arial};}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f370\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f371\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f373\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f374\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f375\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f376\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f377\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f378\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f710\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}
{\f711\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}{\f713\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f714\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f717\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}
{\f718\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}{\f740\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f741\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f743\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}
{\f744\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f745\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f746\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\f747\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\f748\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}
{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}
{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af41\afs22\alang1115 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang2057\langfe2057\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 
\snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1115 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang2057\langfe2057\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid12587428\rsid12597714\rsid14229477}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Ayeshan Dasantha}{\operator Ayeshan Dasantha}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo11\dy17\hr15\min51}{\revtim\yr2017\mo11\dy17\hr15\min52}{\version3}{\edmins1}{\nofpages9}{\nofwords2656}{\nofchars15144}{\nofcharsws17765}{\vern45}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot12597714 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12597714 \rtlch\fcs1 \af41\afs22\alang1115 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang2057\langfe2057\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af41 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12597714 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 THIS SOFTWARE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ("EULA") IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (EITHER A\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
N INDIVIDUAL OR, IF PURCHASED OR ACQUIRED BY OR FOR AN ENTITY, AN ENTITY) AND CAPHYON. IT PROVIDES A LICENSE TO USE THIS SOFTWARE AND CONTAINS WARRANTY INFORMATION AND LIABILITY DISCLAIMERS. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE YOU ARE INDICAT
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 I\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
NG YOUR ASSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS, DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR INSTALL THE SOFTWARE, DISCONTINUE ITS USE IMMEDIATELY AND DESTROY ALL COPIES IN YOUR POSSESION.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1. DEFINITIONS
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a) "Caphyon" means Caphyon S\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 RL.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
b) "Software" means the executable code of Advanced Installer, additional tools, libraries, source files, header files, data files, any updates or error corrections provided by Caphyon, any user manuals, guides, printed materials, on-line or electroni
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 c documentation.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 c) "License Key" means a serial number issued to you by Caphyon to activate and use the Software.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d) "Named User" is an individual authorized by You to use the Software through the assignment of a single user ID, regardless of whether or\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 not the individual is using the Software at any given time. A non-human operated device is counted as a User in addition to all individuals authorized to use the Software, if such device can access the Software.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e) "Maintenance Plan" is a time-limited ri\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ght to technical support and Software updates and upgrades. Technical support only covers issues or questions resulting directly out of the operation of the Software. Caphyon will not provide you with generic consultation, assistance, or advice under any 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ther circumstances.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2. LICENSE GRANTS
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2.1 Freeware Features License. Caphyon grants you an unlimited license to use the Freeware Features of the Software. The install packages created using only the Freeware Features can be freely redistributed and used 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 both in commercial and non-commercial purpose.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2.2 Trial Period License. You may download and use the Software for free for thirty (30) days after installation ("Trial Period"). During the Trial Period, Caphyon grants You a limited, non-exclusive, non-tra
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
nsferable, non-renewable license to copy and use the Software for evaluation purposes only and not for any commercial use. At Caphyon's discretion, Caphyon may provide limited support through email or discussion forums at Caphyon web site. The evaluation 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 c\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
opy of the Software contains a feature that will automatically disable the Software at the end of Trial Period. Caphyon will have no liability to you if this feature disables the Software.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2.3 License After Trial Period. This Software is licensed, not sol\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
d. During the Trial Period, You have the option of paying a license fee in order to use the Software after the expiration of the Trial Period. Upon your payment of the license fee, Caphyon provides you with a permanent registration number ("License key") 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nd grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a) use the Software on a Named User basis meaning specific individuals are authorized to access the Software and the total number of named users may not exceed the total number licensed 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 by You. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 b) copy the Software in machine-readable form solely for archival and backup purposes.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 c) freely create and redistribute an unlimited number of install packages to an unlimited number of users.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2.4 The Named User of the Software may install and use the Software on up to five computers (including operating systems and Virtual Machine Environments).
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2.5 Floating License. Under the terms of a Floating License, you may install the Software on an unl\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
imited number of machines. All machines using the Software must have the ability to communicate with a license server. The number of users that may use the Software concurrently at any time must not exceed the number of Floating User Licenses purchased fo
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  such use.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3.1 You shall undertake any necessary steps to protect the License Key against unauthorized use.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3.2 You may not alter, merge, modify, adapt or translate the Software, or decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or ot\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 herwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3.3 You may not sell, rent, lease, sub license, transfer, resell for profit or otherwise distribute the Software or any part thereof.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3.4 You may not modify the Software or create derivative works \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 based upon the Software.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3.5 You may not remove or obscure any copyright and trademark notices relating to the Software.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4. USE OF LICENSING FUNCTIONALITY
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4.1 If you have licensed a qualifying edition of the Software, you may use the functionality label\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ed "Licensing" solely for the purposes of applying the Licensing functionality processes and/or restrictions to your products and distributing such products to your end users for their trial purposes for a predetermined period of time. For the avoidance o
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 f\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  doubt, the foregoing limitations apply only to your use of the Licensing functionality and not your use of the Software in general.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4.2 You may not use or apply the Licensing functionality for the benefit of any software products which are not owned by y\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ou.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5. OWNERSHIP AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5.1 This Agreement gives you limited rights to use the Software. Caphyon retains all rights, title and interest in and to the Software and all copies thereof, including copyrights, patents, trade secret r
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. All rights not specifically granted in this Agreement, including International Copyrights, are reserved by Caphyon. The structure, organization and code of the Software are valuable trade secrets a
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d confidential information of Caphyon.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6.1 Caphyon's cumulative liability to You or any other party for any loss or damages resulting from any claims, demands, or actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall not e
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 xceed the license fee paid to Caphyon for use of the Software.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6.2 Caphyon shall be relieved of any and all obligations for any portions of the software that are revised, changed, modified, or maintained by anyone other than Caphyon.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7. PATENT AND COPYRIGHT INDEMNITY
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7.1 Caphyon represents and warrants that the Software shall not infringe or misappropriate any copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7.2 In the event the Software is\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  found to infringe, Caphyon will have the option, at its expense, to
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a) modify the Software to cause it to become non-infringing;
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 b) substitute the Software with other Software reasonably suitable to You, or
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 c) if none of the foregoing remedies are comm\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ercially feasible, terminate the license for the infringing Software and refund any license fees paid for the Software.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7.3 Caphyon will have no liability for any claim of infringement based on
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a) code contained within the Software which was not created \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 by Caphyon;
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
b) use of a superseded or altered release of the Software, except for such alteration(s) or modification(s) which have been made by Caphyon or under Caphyon's direction, if such infringement would have been avoided by the use of a current, una
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ltered release of the Software that Caphyon provides to You, or
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 c) the combination, operation, or use of any Software furnished under this Agreement with programs or data not furnished by Caphyon if such infringement would have been avoided by the use of 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 the Software without such programs or data.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8. LIMITED WARRANTIES
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8.1 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. CAPHYON MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WITHOUT LIMITATION, YOU ASSUME SOLE RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELECTING THE SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED RESULTS AND FOR THE INSTALLATION, USE AND RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE SOFTWARE. CAPHYON MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE WIL
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 L\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 BE ERROR FREE OR FREE FROM INTERRUPTIONS OR OTHER FAILURES. IN PARTICULAR, THE SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED FOR USE IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE. CAPHYON EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR HIGH-RISK ACTIVITIES.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8.2 C\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 aphyon warrants that it holds the proper rights allowing it to license the Software and is not currently aware of any actions that may affect its rights to do so.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8.3 Caphyon cannot guarantee that the Software will work at all times. If you change your operating system, the software may not work anymore. You acknowledge and agree that such changes are fair and reasonable.

\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8.4 You should make sure that it is legal t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
o use the Software in your country or jurisdiction. Caphyon only provides a license for You to use the software. It is Your responsibility to make sure that You are allowed to use the Software.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8.5 Caphyon reserves the right at any time to cease the suppo\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
rt of the Software and to alter prospectively the prices, features, specifications, capabilities, functions, licensing terms, release dates, general availability or other characteristics of the Software.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 9. MAINTENANCE PLAN
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 9.1 At any time prior to the e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
xpiration of your Maintenance Plan and 14 days after, you may purchase an extension to the current Maintenance Plan. This additional Maintenance Plan will extend the availability of your current Maintenance Plan for a period of time beginning with the dat
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  when your Maintenance Plan expires.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
9.2 For a limited time after the expiration of your Maintenance Plan, you may purchase a renewal of your Maintenance Plan. This will provide you with a new Maintenance Plan that will begin at the date the renewal is pu
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rchased.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
9.3 If you do not purchase any additional Maintenance Plan, you will still have the right to use the existing Software but you will lose the right to technical support and Software updates and upgrades as of the date your current Maintenance Plan
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  expires.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 9.4 For customers that purchase or already own multiple licenses, a Maintenance Plan must be purchased for each license.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 9.5 Technical support is provided via electronic mail at the address specified on the web site. Caphyon will use its best e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
fforts to provide you with technical support within forty-eight (48) business hours of your request. Please check our website to find our latest contact information.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 9.6 The latest information is provided on the web site at: http://www.advancedinstaller.c\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
om Please refer to the following web page for additional information regarding Maintenance Plans, prices and more: http://www.advancedinstaller.com/licenses.html
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 10. SUPPORT
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 10.1 Except as provided herein, support for the Software is provided to you free\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 of charge while your current Maintenance Plan is valid. If Caphyon discontinues any version of the Software, Caphyon reserves the right to limit or cease product support and updates for such discontinued version. Caphyon reserves the right to discontinue
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 free support with thirty (30) days written notice posted to the Caphyon or the Software web site.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 11. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 11.1 Consent for Internet-Based Services. Certain Software features connect to Caphyon or service provider computer systems over\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 the Internet. In some cases, you will not receive a separate notice when they connect. You may switch off these features or not use them. BY USING THESE FEATURES, YOU CONSENT TO THE TRANSMISSION OF THIS INFORMATION. Caphyon does not use the information t
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  identify or contact you. For more information, see http://www.advancedinstaller.com/privacy-policy.html
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 11.2 Computer Information. The Software features use Internet protocols, which send to the appropriate systems computer information, such as your Inte\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
rnet protocol address, the type of operating system, browser and name and version of the software you are using, and the language code of the device where you installed the software. Caphyon uses this information to make the Internet-based services availa
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 b\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 le to you.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
11.3 Customer Experience Improvement Program (CEIP). The Software uses CEIP, which automatically sends to Caphyon anonymous information about your hardware and how you use this software. We may use the computer information, and CEIP information, to improv
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 our software and services. We may also share it with others, such as hardware and software vendors. They may use the information to improve how their products run with Caphyon software.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 12. HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 12.1 The Software is not fault-tolerant an\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
d is not designed, manufactured or intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
control, direct life support machines, or weapons systems, in which the failure of the Software could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage ("High Risk Activities"). Caphyon and its suppliers specifically disc
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 aim any express or implied warranty of fitness for High Risk Activities.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 13. THIRD PARTY SITES AND SOFTWARE
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 13.1 This Software will direct you to third party Web sites. Caphyon does not control, endorse, or guarantee content, including software, data or \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
other information found on such third party sites. You agree that Caphyon is not responsible for any content, associated links, resources, or services associated with a third party site. You further agree that Caphyon shall not be liable for any loss or d
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 mage of any sort associated with your use of third party content. Access to these sites is provided for your convenience only.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 13.2 This Software contains third party software. By accepting this EULA, You are also accepting the additional terms and condit\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ions with respect to such software, if any, forth herein.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 13.3 Portions of this software are based on the LZMA SDK developed by Igor Pavlov and Scintilla developed by Neil Hodgson. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 13.4 LZMA SDK is licensed under the terms of CPL with Special Exception.\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  For more information, please visit: http://www.7-zip.org/sdk.html
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 13.5 Scintilla is licensed under the terms of BSD. For more information, please visit: http://www.scintilla.org
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 13.6 This Software uses HTMLayout Component, copyright Terra Informatica So\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ftware, Inc. http://terrainformatica.com
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 13.7 Portions of this Software use the SQLite database engine which belongs to the Public Domain. For more information, please visit: http://www.sqlite.org
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 13.8 This Software uses SQLite ODBC Driver, copyrighted b\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 y Christian Werner. For more information, please visit: http://www.ch-werner.de/sqliteodbc/ 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 14. AUDIT RIGHTS
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 14.1 Caphyon audits your use of the Software to verify compliance with this Agreement. The Software is configured to enable periodic HTTP commun\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ication with Caphyon. During this communication, license information is transmitted from the Software to Caphyon to ensure license compliance. The information transmitted during these periodic updates includes the operating system, license serial number, 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
nd other relevant information to verify compliance. If you are unwilling to provide this communication capability, you may opt out of ongoing communication, but you will no longer receive Software updates and search engine configuration updates. If the us
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ge of the Software is considered to be out of compliance with this Agreement, the Software may, without notice, cease to function.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
14.2 During the audit process, Caphyon has the ability to personally identify the individual that registered with Caphyon to acquire the Software license ("Registrant") through the identification number assigned to your account at the time of registration
,\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  by using the personal information the Registrant provided to Caphyon during the registration process. Such personal information will only be used by Caphyon in connection with such audit process.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 15. SEVERABILITY
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 15.1 If any provision hereof shall be he\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ld illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it legal, valid and enforceable, and the legality, validity and enforceability of all other provisions of this Agreement sh
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ll not be affected.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 16. GOVERNING LAW
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 16.1 This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws and jurisdiction of the defending party. Service of process upon either party shall be valid if served by registered or certified mai
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 l, return receipt requested and to the most current address provided by such party. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 17. TERMINATION
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 17.1 Your license to use the Software co\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ntinues until terminated. This license will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any term hereof. No notice shall be required from Caphyon to effect such termination. You may also terminate this Agreement at any time by notifying Caphyon in 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 w\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
riting of termination. On termination, you must destroy all copies of the Software. Your obligation to pay accrued charges and fees shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 18. ASSIGNMENT
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 18.1 Neither this Agreement nor any rights granted hereund\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
er may be sold, leased, assigned, or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, by you, whether voluntary or by operation of law. Any such attempted assignment shall be void and of no effect without the prior written consent of Caphyon.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 19. ENTIRE AGREEM\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ENT
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
19.1 This Agreement contains the entire agreement between Caphyon and You related to the software and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether oral or written. It may be amended only by a writing executed by both parties.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Copyright\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  (c) \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2017 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af41 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12587428 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Ayeshan Dasantha Herath}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af41 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14229477 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax375\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000002070
2d10bc5fd301feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}